Francocipollone/update readme (#6)
maliput/maliput_viz: README.md

[![GCC](https://github.com/maliput/maliput_viz/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/maliput/maliput_viz/actions/workflows/build.yml)

# maliput_viz

## Description

`maliput_viz` package is part of the [Maliput](https://github.com/maliput/) family.
It offers a visualizer for analyzing the road networks.

**Note**: For full information about Maliput please visit [Maliput Documentation](https://maliput.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

<img src="docs/maliput_viz.png">

## How to use it

`maliput_viz` application is provided by `maliput_viz` package.

After installation simply run:
```sh
maliput_viz
```

In the top-right of the window options about the road network loading can be found:

<img src="docs/road_network_loader.png">

`maliput_viz` uses the [maliput plugin architecture](https://maliput.readthedocs.io/en/latest/html/deps/maliput/html/maliput_plugin_architecture.html) for loading the maliput backends in runtime.

> In general, each backend would receive a set of parameter that defines the behavior of the road network loader. For example, for the `maliput_malidrive` backend, the `opendrive_file` parameter holds the path to a `XODR` map file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, each backend would receive a set of parameters that defines the behavior of the road network loader. For example, in the `maliput_malidrive` backend, the `opendrive_file` parameter holds the path to a `XODR` map file.
```

> When a backend is selected, the default parameter for that particular backend are filled up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a backend is selected, the default parameter set for it is filled up.
```

The user can add, edit or remove any parameter as they please.

> After hitting the `Load Road Network` button the correspondant backend will load up a maliput RoadNetwork and it will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After hitting the `Load Road Network` button, the correspondent backend will load up a maliput `RoadNetwork` and it will be displayed.
```

<img src="docs/maliput_malidrive_loaded.png">

The UI provides several options for changing visibilities of the meshes and also providing useful information about several things like: lane description, rules and phases, among others.

### Demo

The following video shows a maliput Road Network being loaded using [`maliput_malidrive`](https://github.com/maliput/maliput_malidrive) backend.
Besides the XODR files for the `RoadGeometry`, also other entities are being loaded to complete the `RoadNetwork` such as: `RuleRegistry`, `RoadRulebook`, `TrafficLightBook` and `PhaseRingBook`.

> https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53065142/205377851-1a431030-c869-46b9-aa0c-8eed3fb26587.mp4

Reviewer: Where is it stored? Don't we have it in the repo?

Author: Makes sense. Done!
